modify the UTF-8 encoding issues (#248)
vertica/vertica-python: README.md

cur = vertica_python.Connection({..., 'unicode_error': 'replace'}).cursor()
cur.execute(r"SELECT E'\xC2'")
cur.fetchone()

> # 'utf8' codec can't decode byte 0xc2 in position 0，which is replace by the official Unicode replacement character, U+FFFD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# characters that cannot be decoded is replace by the official Unicode replacement character, U+FFFD
```

Author: Thanks,I think your suggestions is OK.

cur = vertica_python.Connection({..., 'unicode_error': 'ignore'}).cursor()
cur.execute(r"SELECT E'\xC2'")
cur.fetchone()

> # ignore silently 'utf8' codec can't decode byte 0xc2 in position 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# characters that cannot be decoded is silently ignored
```
